# v0.4.0

- Refactored `Elegance.AspNet.Authentication`:
	- Added `security stamp` support (deauthenticate users when their security information has changed).
	- Added lockout support (deactivating user accounts for a limited period of time when too many failed login attempts
	  have been made).
	- Added MFA support.
		- Currently, only TOTP-based authentication has been implemented.
	- Changed the signature of the `AuthenticationService` methods for easier usage.

# v0.3.2

- Fixed some minor issues related to `RentedArray<T>`.
- Added extra properties to `RentedArray<T>` for usability purposes.

# v0.3.1

- Added `string FromLabel(System.ReadOnlySpan<char>)` to the Enum source generator.
	- This method can be used to get the assigned `EnumValue` attribute data by the enum's label, as a string.

# v0.3.0

- Created `Elegance.AspNet.Authentication`
	- This package adds core services and utilities for working with authentication and user claims/data.
	- For information how to use this package,
	  read [it's README.md](https://github.com/byr0n3/elegance/blob/main/Elegance.AspNet.Authentication/README.md).
- Refactored `Elegance.Enums`
	- Added `FromValue` overloads for `System.ReadOnlySpan<char>` and `System.ReadOnlySpan<byte>`.
	- Optimized generated `JsonConverter`.
		- Keep in mind that source generated JSON has difficulty to use source generated converters,
		  see [this example](https://github.com/byr0n3/elegance/blob/main/Elegance.Examples/Gender.cs).
	- The generated `Values` property is now a `FrozenDictionary<TEnum, string>` for usability reasons.

# v0.2.2

- Added `CharSpanBuilder` to `Elegance.Utilities`, which can be used to write to `System.Span<char>` buffers inorder to
  create a UTF string.

# v0.2.1

- Added `System.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePair<string, string>[] Values` to the `*.EnumData.g.cs` output of
  `Elegance.Enums`.

# v0.2.0

- Added `Elegance.Localization`, a Source Generator for working with localized text. See the `README.md` file in the
  project folder for more information and usage.

# v0.1.5

- Added `InterpolatedStringBuilder` to `Elegance.Utilities`. Usage:

```csharp
public void InterpolatedStringBuilderExample(scoped System.Span<byte> buffer, // Buffer used to store the interpolated string.
                                             [InterpolatedStringHandlerArgument(nameof(buffer))]
                                             scoped ref InterpolatedStringBuilder builder) // Actual builder.
{
    var @string = builder.Result; // A span of the compiled string.
}

System.Span<byte> buffer = stackalloc byte[64];

var name = "John Doe";
var age = 24;

// Now you can call the `InterpolatedStringBuilderExample` function like this while preventing multiple string allocations:
InterpolatedStringBuilderExample(buffer, $"Hello! My name is {name} and I'm {age} years old.");
```

# v0.1.4

- Fixed `JsonConverter` generated by `Elegance.Enums` failing to generate a working `Read` function.

# v0.1.3

- Added the ability to customize the written status code when writing JSON data

# v0.1.2

- Added `Elegance.DateTime` project, containing utilities for `System.DateOnly` and `System.DateTime` (localizing,
  timezones, etc).
- Added `Elegance.Extensions` project, containing standard/global extension methods.
- Fixed editor thinking `string EnumData.GetValue()` can return `null`.

# v0.1.1

- Added `Elegance.Utilities` project, containing standard/global utilities.
- Added `ApiController` to `Elegance.AspNet`.

# v0.1.0

- Initial release
